== README

== LaunchPad Theater Challenge 

TO ACCESS ADMIN FUNCTIONALITY USE THE '/admin' url!! 

For this challenge I was given the task to create a theater management tool, that does the following: 

for users -- 
* allow users to view available movies (only if the movie isn't showing yet)
* allow users to purchase multiple tickets for any given movie
* sends email receipts to users who purchased movie tickets 

for managers --
* managers are given a 'secret' url ('/admin') which grants them access to the theater management system
* managers can add an auditorium to the theater, as well as control how many seats that auditorium has 
* managers can add available movies to thier listings 
* managers may also remove movies and auditoriums if they so please
* all orders are visible to managers as well as total amount earned for a movie per day 


Problem areas. 

Given more time I would have considered a better 'time' implementation. As is, showtimes are automatically loaded when you place a movie into a theater. The showtimes are based off the length of the movie (which can't be longer than 3 hours). Giving the manager more control over movie timings perhaps by uncoupling the 'Showing' model from the movie and auditorium models a little more, I could have then produced a scenario where the manager could choose from available times. I also lack any kind of background task that 'reloads tickets' after 24 hours is up. 

I realized a little too late that the app doesn't account for 'days of the week'. This goes with the implementation of time. Creating a calendar interface for the manager would have been preferable.

Auditoriums. Right now I have it so that each auditorium can only play one movie at a time, and when you place a movie into a given auditorium it checks to see if a movie is in there, and then replaces it. It's not pretty. I was looking at has_one relationships and was trying to fiddle around a little more with cleanly being able to switch out movies, but found myself falling into a rabbit hole. Future iterations of this app, would look for cleaner auditorium solutions, as well better route organization. 


Thanks! 

